.github/ISSUE_TEMPLATE/bug_report.md, before:

---
name: "Bug report \U0001F41B"
about: Create a report to help us improve
title: ''
labels: bug, needs-triage
assignees: ''

---

[NOTE]: # ( ^^ Provide a general summary of the issue in the title above. ^^ )

**Description**
[NOTE]: # ( Describe the problem you're encountering. )
[TIP]:  # ( Do NOT share sensitive information, whether personal, proprietary, or otherwise! )

**Expected Behavior**
[NOTE]: # ( Tell us what you expected to happen. )

**[Troubleshooting](https://discuss.newrelic.com/t/troubleshooting-frameworks/108787) or [NR Diag](https://docs.newrelic.com/docs/using-new-relic/cross-product-functions/troubleshooting/new-relic-diagnostics) results**
[NOTE]: # ( Provide any other relevant log data. )
[TIP]:  # ( Scrub logs and diagnostic information for sensitive information )

**Steps to Reproduce**
[NOTE]: # ( Please be as specific as possible. )
[TIP]:  # ( Link a sample application that demonstrates the issue. )

**Your Environment**
[TIP]:  # ( Include as many relevant details about your environment as possible including the running version of New Relic software and any relevant configurations. )

**Additional context**
[TIP]:  # ( Add any other context about the problem here. For example, relevant community posts or support tickets. )

Commit message:

Swap out bug report template for MD file from Ruby Agent

.github/ISSUE_TEMPLATE/bug_report.md, after:

---
name: Bug report
about: Create a report to help us improve
title: ''
labels: bug, needs-triage
assignees: ''

---

^^ Provide a general summary of the issue in the title above. ^^ 

## Description
Describe the problem you're encountering.
TIP: Do NOT share sensitive information, whether personal, proprietary, or otherwise! 

## Expected Behavior
Tell us what you expected to happen.

## [Troubleshooting](https://forum.newrelic.com/s/hubtopic/aAX8W0000008bSoWAI/troubleshooting-frameworks) or [NR Diag](https://docs.newrelic.com/docs/using-new-relic/cross-product-functions/troubleshooting/new-relic-diagnostics) results
Provide any other relevant log data.
TIP:  Scrub logs and diagnostic information for sensitive information 

## Steps to Reproduce
Please be as specific as possible.
TIP:  Link a sample application that demonstrates the issue. 

## Your Environment
Include as many relevant details about your environment as possible including the running version of the Python agent, the Python version being used and any other relevant environment information

## Additional context
Add any other context about the problem here. For example, relevant community posts or support tickets.
